hi I'm Andrew what cnet that I'm taking
a look at the Dollar phoneix first phone
from finish manufacturer yard running
sailfish OS now the phone itself has an
unusual design of this two-tone split
going on making look almost like two
phones squash together these back panels
are interchangeable and have NFC chips
built in allowing different colors to
automatically change themes and settings
when they apply to your phone as well as
it's amazing lime green we've also got
quite a nice orangey red and there's a
white option available to you now the
phone has a 4.5 inch display with a 960
x 540 pixel resolution that is a little
low and it does result in small section
of the icons looking a little fuzzy it's
quite a show preferred but i think the
stark design makes it quite attractive
volume and power buttons are on the side
but you'll notice that there are no
navigation buttons on the front so
getting around sailfish OS requires you
to use various gestures a DoubleTap will
wake the phone oh and show you
notifications slide down and you'll see
your recent apps and if you keep going
further still that will show you all
apps installed now to return home from a
nap you to swipe in from the left and
that will place the app in the
multitasking panel and going through
menus simply swiping bag will return you
to the previous page so fairly
attractive interface that there will be
a big learning curve for those of you
use of a simplicity of iOS about one of
the big issues with any new operating
system is a lack of apps the sailfish
actually supports Android apps well then
you can't access the google play store
there are third-party app stores
available where you can find titles like
Spotify sky protocol Twitter Linkedin
and down till you see youtube there are
plenty more available as
well including whats up messenger and
viber well you can't get everything you
find but the fact that are already so
many Android apps means it's got a
better app selection than blackberry
tenders now the yella phone is certainly
unusual and it might appeal to those of
you looking for something a bit
different from the usual iphone and
android phone to stay around phone is
currently being shipped out early
pre-order customers across Europe for
399 euros although yola couldn't say
wait will be available anywhere else so
make sure to keep it seeing it for all
the latest news and leave your thoughts
on the phone in the comments below I'm a
Jew hoyle and this is the yalla phone
running sailfish OS